Missing lints & interop ideas (#1381)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/stack/interop/ideas.mdx

---

> title: Superchain interoperability ideas

Reviewer: The console is actually being updated to have this info with the associated UI designs. If we follow [DRY](https://softwareyoga.com/is-your-code-dry-or-wet/) - should we just link out there?

Reviewer: https://console.optimism.io/getting-started

lang: en-US
description: Crypto used to be full of wild ideas—where are they now? Creativity and composability has been limited up until now
---

# Superchain interoperability ideas

> Crypto used to be full of wild ideas—where are they now? Creativity and composability has been limited up until now. We've mastered wallets, DeFi, L2s, and stables. It's time to bring back the bold. Discover net-new use cases that are uniquely enabled by Superchain Interop, and not just bridge abstraction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Crypto used to be full of wild ideas—where are they now? Creativity and composability has been limited up until now. We've made leaps and bounds in many domains, but it's time to bring back the bold. Discover net-new use cases that are uniquely enabled by Superchain Interop, and not just bridge abstraction.
```

Maybe its the cynic in me, but our industry has a long way to go. I think we can reframe the second sentence. Mainly because sentiment around wallets and even L2s is still poor

It's time to reimagine the onchain future together, reimagine your application with Superchain Interop and hack on Superchain Interop devnets.

## Cutting edge Superchain ideas

Hack on the various cutting edge applications that are uniquely enabled by Superchain Interop. We've compiled a list of Superchain interop ideas that you can use to help grow the Superchain

If you've experimented with an application, or library to support Superchain Interop, [please let us know and fill out this form](https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/398MYD9). We would love to reach out directly to provide technical and potential marketing support. You can also tag @Optimism on Twitter.

### Helpful Tools:

*   [Interop docs](https://docs.optimism.io/stack/interop/explainer)
*   [Devnet chain configs](https://docs.optimism.io/stack/interop/devnet)
*   [Interop demo apps](https://console.optimism.io/templates)
*   [Clone the Supersim repo to simulate Superchain Interop](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/supersim)

### Interop ideas

> | Use Case  | Idea                        | Priority | Description                                                                                                                                                                                              |   |

Reviewer 2: This markdown table has an extra column

Reviewer 2: I think we might also want to consider the priority column

> | Use Case  | Idea                        | Priority | Description                                                                                                                                                                                              |   |

Reviewer: I think this is from an internal doc I gave Amanda - can we remove the priority column and remove the word "Super" from all these and remove acronomys. 

Superswap = Swap
eg CDP = Collateralized  debt position

|           | Swap                        | P1       | Swap ETH for SuperchainERC20 across Chain A and/or ChainB for best price execution                                                                                                                       |   |
|           | SuperArbitrage              | P1       | Build a trading bot that uses Superchain interop to arbitrage DEX pools on ChainA and ChainB                                                                                                             |   |
|           | Predict                     | P1       | Prediction market that uses Superchain interop to determine whether a set of actions happens on a set of chainsEg Will Uniswap USDC-ETH on the Superchain see more volume than Velodrome USDC-ETH today? |   |
| Identity  | Attestations                | P1       | Use an attestation on chainA to interact with a smart contract on chainB Superchain attestations                                                                                                         |   |

> |           | SuperGotchi                 | P3       | A Tamagotchi-like game where the pets live as NFTs onchain, and transform based on activity on ChainA and ChainB                                                                                         |   |

Reviewer 2: Use case: Gaming
